a 20-year-old teacher who dreams of being a recognized artist across the country
story of a resident of santa barbara east
the first step towards national recognition has already been given to Julio Pinheiro if
presented last weekend in the program raul gil
after impressive stage performance
will be
ef
We are fighting again for Julio Pine
accustomed to singing only in bars to give classes of Portuguese and schools
of the county of santa barbara east
he went to the stage of one of the most watched Brazilian TV shows
the sbt raul gil program
and it was not only that
junior was being tried in the contest new talents
he signed up to participate in the attraction and 2004
at the time went to São Paulo but did not pass the tests to see
in January he received a call from the program's production the guest to
come back
this time it's alright
passed the test had 15 votes
junior was called to sing in national network
the music chosen by him was made to the organ's external committee
an innovation
It does not get out of your head here.
and it was an indescribable feeling
let's go
at the end of the race
the whole audience praised by the presenter raul gil
he did not qualify but the owner of the program recognizes his talent and
sent him back to the recap in March or April
and the jurors still gave advice to no one moment I think it will stay
In forgetting the newspaper told me the plateau is going to come back because this is
good
I think this moment was too late at the end of the presentation
and who also like the inter
I think that moment was
will stay here guarded in the north of the river won by to have gone to the recap
junior had presentation
as if corrected and improved
I also saw the backstage photos of the program
he along with the juries of competitors
It looks like a dream
dream that receives the support of the current donati
She says she always believed in her grandson.
and who was thrilled to see him on the program unsatisfied
nobody expected this is a method
even so
What irritates arnete leo?
the cleaning job what god gave him out
he deserves his whole family is very different from my family who was
however it brings
to get what he wants
while not returning to play the junior
preparing rehearsals every day
and also received the affection of the polvo the expectation is that in March or April
him to return and to qualify next in the competition now in March March and
April
the fans coming back to the repechage
with this area in doing what they asked that follows the net advice
that's it
prepare enough junior turned pride of the city
on the streets people comment that they will attend their presentation Sunday
past
at all times the Brazilian felt
if you depend on the fans of santa barbara d'oeste it goes far
although the jurors did not like it very much, I think I deserve an opportunity
You'll twist now.
but then I'm definitely surrounded by friends and fans so stay there Sergio
motorcycle also made it clear to g1
I think it does not work
the history of the song was not very good but now next Tuesday to Friday
of the 7
the producer
me too
If I'm here, hoping we can be sure.
nara and pnb ornelas I'll be in the league of champions still in the plenary session of
risk
in this operation the score
gibraltar was an honor to me television and turn on tv
and this boy has a lot to grow
in addition and radiant antonin
made of teacher respect
all
several stars of Brazilian popular music have gone through the raul program
gil one day
it is considered a traditional way for those who want to start a
career and become a recognized artist
for junior and still only the beginning
but it is certain that he was able to reach
show your talent
be praised
and earned a new chance
install
And your dream is this even beyond my dream.
it is also difficult
good first trio
a dream that I realized so is she has gone beyond so
in first person and it was spoiled let's see what will happen be them in a
of my biggest dreams 3 the tpp stayed on the stage of the program
I think the real artist he loves